Yes, push welcome.tsx to GitHub.
After push, trigger a new EAS build.
Let me know when the build is complete and I will test the crash.
🧠 Why This Was Causing the Crash
Environment	Behavior
Expo Go	Slower, less optimized – gives the gesture/navigation extra time to complete before mounting the next screen.
Production Build	Faster, optimized – navigation happens almost instantly, but the sign‑in screen may not be fully mounted yet, causing a crash.
The fix: Adding a 100ms delay gives the sign‑in screen just enough time to mount before the navigation completes.

✅ Next Step
After the build finishes, test the app. If the crash is gone, we fixed the main issue.

If it still crashes, bring me the exact error log from adb logcat and I will identify the next cause.

Ready when you are. 🚀

are you sure to build or you have to check to see if everything is in place ?
You are absolutely right to pause and ask. I should not just say "build" without verifying everything is in place first.

Let me check the critical items before you spend time and money on another build.

✅ Pre‑Build Verification Checklist
Item	Status	How to check
1. welcome.tsx change is correct	✅ Done	The setTimeout inside goToLogin() is the right fix
2. No other navigation timing issues	⚠️ Need to check	Are there other places where router.push is called without delay?
3. package-lock.json removed	✅ Done	Already deleted
4. unstable_enableSymlinks removed	✅ Done	Already removed from metro.config.js
5. expo-font and react-native-screens installed	✅ Done	Added to package.json
6. Keystore alias is correct	❓ Unknown	You had alias mismatch before – this must be fixed or build will fail again
🔴 Most Important – Keystore Alias
The alias mismatch was the reason your last builds failed. If that is not fixed, adding a delay to welcome.tsx will not help – the build will still fail at the signing stage.

To check if the alias is correct now:

Run this command in your local Mac terminal (not Replit):

bash
keytool -list -v -keystore /path/to/your/keystore.jks -storepass YOUR_PASSWORD
Look for Alias name: in the output. That exact alias must match what is in your EAS credentials.

📋 What to do before building
Step	Action
1	Confirm the keystore alias is correct (see command above)
2	If alias is wrong, update it in EAS credentials
3	Then, and only then, trigger a build
🚫 Do NOT build yet if:
You are unsure about the keystore alias

You haven't verified the navigation change in other screens